
## First of all, we must answer to this Question, What is caching?

Caching is a technique of storing frequently used data/information in memory, 
so that, when the same data/information is needed next time,
it could be directly retrieved from the memory instead of being generated by the application.

### Which layer should we implement caching in a DDD application?
 
So It depends,in this project we would handle caching mechanism in the repository/data access layer.
The reasoning is because it isn't up to the business layer on where to get the data from, that is the job of the repository. 
The repository will then decide where to get the data from, 
he cache (if it's not too old) or from the live data source based on the circumstances of the data access logic.
One of the primary goals of this implementation is to follow principles of object oriented design,
in particular the Single Responsibility Principle and because of this we use proxy pattern.

## why we Chose proxy pattern?

### In the proxy pattern definition, we have :

The Proxy object can then hide or change data on the hidden object, 
or otherwise manipulate its behavior. However, the Proxy must still be able to be used anywhere the hidden object is.
and base on 

#### There are many uses for the proxy design pattern. one of the more common types of proxy is:

* **Cache Proxy** : A cache proxy improves the performance of the underlying object's members when they perform long-running tasks that 
return seldom-changing results. For example, the underlying object may provide a method that calculates prime numbers.
When the first call to the proxy's matching method is made, the call is passed to the real object. 
The results from the call are stored within the proxy object and returned to the client. For subsequent calls, 
the cached information in the proxy can be returned without recalculating the prime numbers.
